How dare you kick me?
Are you nuts?
I'm standing here not moving
White teeth want to slander me
You fucking wait for me, this is not over
You are the store manager, right?
Yes, please.
Do you have a place that specializes in refining medicine?
30,000 an hour
I rent it for two hours
Sorry, we have rules in our store.
The rental of alchemists starts from a minimum of 3 hours.
The lounge is also on the second floor.
It's just right to go up together
If I fucking kill me, I won't leave the weekly diary
Hey, it's almost there
After all, I am also a woman
You keep staring at me like this
Isn't it a little rude?
You found it.
You've been staring at me since the beginning
If I still can't find it
Isn't that too slow to react?
By the way, what's your name?
Xiao Fan, can I ask you a question?
You ask if you have too much money and are burning in a panic?
What do you mean?
This place is 30,000 an hour
It is comparable to the most expensive suite in Jiangcheng
For one night?
You can't refine medicine
You said your rent is 3 hours.
This is not too much money, what is the panic?
How do you know I can't refine medicine?
You can refine medicine